Add runtime changes to beta 1 release note (#393)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-beta1-release-note.md

#### Improvements

##### Improved configurable variables to support for enum types

> Configurable variables with enum types are supported to provide values through command line arguments and toml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configurable variables with enum types are supported to provide values through command-line arguments and a TOML file.
```

> As an example refer configurable variable with enum type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, see the configurable variable with enum type.
```
Should we add a link here?

```ballerina
public enum HttpVersion {
    HTTP_1_1,
    HTTP_2
}

configurable configLib:HttpVersion & readonly httpVersion = ?;
```

> Value for above 'httpVersion' can be provided via 'Config.toml' or as a command line argument as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for  'httpVersion' can be provided via the 'Config.toml' file or as a command-line argument as below.
```

TOML

```toml
[configUnionTypes]
httpVersion = "HTTP_1_1"
```

> Command line argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command-line argument:
```

```
-ChttpVersion=HTTP_1_1
```

##### Improved configurable variables to support for map types

The `configurable` feature is improved to support variables with map types through the TOML syntax. 

> For example, if the map typed configurable variables are defined in the following way, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the map-typed configurable variables are defined in the following way, 
```
